“At least someone cares about this place.”
“He’s the author of an award-winning talking point.”
"Figure Skiing"
“From nine to one, you will be answering e-mails. From one to two, you will be out to lunch. From two to five, you will be answering the e-mails that came in while you were out to lunch.”
New York Review of Mugs
“I’m gonna need even less tuba.”
“The takeout finally came, so you can stop your panic cooking.”
“Please direct your attention to the monitors for a very important contribution to airline-safety cinema.”
“Well? Do you want the rest of his salad or not?”
“I already have the perfect hashtag!”
“Don’t bother.”
“So my therapist says, ‘Every day is a gift,” and I’m, like, ‘That’s the problem!’”
“Oh, crap—it’s Old Testament Santa.”
“Morrison, Robertson, Hitchcock, Brusiloff, Leggett, Winthrop, and . . . Oh, hello, Muriel.”
“You’re entitled to your opinion, Mrs. Gibney, but I do too know beans about rheumatoid arthritis.”
"I'm just saying, a few more adjectives in the Second Amendment couldn't hurt."
"He's an unorthodox choice for chief of staff, but his approval ratings are through the roof."
“We planned to go out for a birthday dinner, but he’s decided he’d rather celebrate by staying home and obsessing about what he’s failed to accomplish over the past forty years.”
“The British are probably coming, but it’s been a busy week and they aren’t feeling a hundred per cent and they’ll text later.”
“Could you not do that here?”
“If you knew how many times I changed my clothes before coming here, you wouldn’t ask me to take them off.”
“Already?”
“You’re surprised? No one is more surprised than I am that I’ve ended up stuck behind a desk.”
“Have mercy on me, Mama. Have mercy on Mr. Pitiful.”
“I don’t have a budget at this time, but I can offer you some really great social-media exposure.”
Doomsday Thermometer
Cousin Arthur went to Spain to ﬁght Franco.
"How to Fund the Subway: Bar Cars"
"Trump skips the climate conference to observe the holiday."
"Let's simplify this year and just go with the squirrel-ravaged pumpkins for our decorations."
She'll never make it in New York.
"You must be the fellow who ordered a friend on Amazon."
“I don’t want to retire. I want to spend more time with the family.”
“Damn it, cilantro ruins everything.”
The grill senses the impending winter
“It’s another recipe for fish.”
“This tantrum has been powerful, honest, and riveting, and I think we should give him what he wants.”
“It’s raw, unprocessed wool.”
“I can’t believe I ate all that salad for nothing.”
The Dorrie Decimal System
The Invention of Fine Art
“It’s just that if you lie to me about flossing how can I trust anything else you say?”
“Behold, as I transform this normal woman into a sexualized prop.”
“Believe it or not, you’re the first ‘running with scissors’ I’ve ever seen.”
“I’m having trouble getting everyone lined up.”
“It’s all right, dear. Kidder, Peabody. For me.”
“Instead, I ran away and joined Kidder, Peabody & Company.”
“Hello? Kidder, Peabody? I just found a note in my wallet that says ‘Northwest Gas & Electric.’ Am I too late?”
"A joint-defense agreement is a common legal maneuver that may give us insight into how screwed we are."
“When Jud accuses Zack, here, of hostility toward his daughter, like he seems to every session, why, it’s plain to me he’s only rationalizing his own lack of gumption in standing up to a stepson who’s usurping the loyalty of his second wife. The way he lit into him just now shows he’s got this here ...   Read more
“I want to be a better person, but then what — a much better person?”
"I'm here to review the fall collection."
"I hope you're on a break, too."
"Row v. Wave."
"Well, I'm sort of between quests at the moment."
"Let's keep moving. This is just a bunch of papers about climate change."
“Thou hast eyes to see, and see not!”
“Oh, yes. Definitely a forgery. Hope it didn’t cost you much.”
"I love these pop-up restaurants."
"The turkey you pardonned published a scorched-earth tell-all about its time in the White House."
New Uses For Excess Coal
"Let us be thankful and pray that the turkey is cooked to 165 degrees Fahrenheit, as measured by a food thermometer."
"At Facebook we believe in plausible deniability."
"The more you say 'It's a short week,' the less it feels like it."
“We named her Alexa—thinking forward to when she’ll be taking care of us.”
Robots Search For People’s Personal Information In The Cloud
Tunnel Of Sneaking Off To Check Your Phone
“Good news—I see your keys next to the flag.”
“I’d call that more a ‘catastrophic life-threatening plummet’ of the tongue than a ‘slip.’”
“Hi. First time, long time. Second marriage, second mortgage. Forty years old, forty pounds overweight. No question—I just like talking about myself.”
“Sorry, Mom—that clip of you and the squirrel got a lot of views.”
“I feel like our ritual Illuminati death orgies have become routine Illuminati death orgies.”
“I hope this visit from your king has brightened your outlook on things.”
Monument Of The One Who Did The Dishes Yesterday
“Glen, I’m not just your editor. I’m also your best friend, and I’m telling you, lose the cat.”
“Right now, they think they have a mouse.”
“His last words were ‘Yodel-ay-he-hoo.’”
“O.K. How about I throw in a necklace, too?”
“When you’re finished with your Thanksgiving break, I need you to do a few things.”
"I need some time to process before we get the shovel out, Eddie."
"In the wake of recent personal disappointments and setbacks, the President is reportedly planning to hold a series of 'Make Me Happy Again' campaign-style rallies."
The Four Stages of Climate Change
"Say what you will about 2018, I haven't been kept awake at night by the same fear once."
"No way—I'm also doing 'No Shave November'!"
"Amazon Fitting in Perfectly in New York"
Bring Your Problems to Work Day
“Do we want the label, too?”
“Hey, let’s go for a drive—the leaves are a truly disappointing shade of brown.”
“I love you, Ethan, but I floss alone.”
“Goodbye, Malcolm. Goodbye forever.”
“And, should you ever lose the key to the city, I hid another one here.”
“I had that dream again where the small hairy creatures were selling my body for three dollars a gallon.”
“We’ve changed our minds. We do want to be a burden to you.”
“For some, the answer is a cat. For most, the answer is a dog.”
“Use thy core!”
"These parts used to be filled with White House officials. But then, one by one, they all disappeared."
"What do you mean I can't declare war on the House of Representatives? I'm the President of the United States!"
"We should reward ourselves after this with a new Congress."
“Sara, we think you have a Dostoyevsky problem.”
“So, Diane tells me you work in the realm of the explainable.”
“Just the bait, please.”
“It’s fine to know your ABCs and your colors, but really you just have to be able to sit still and control your bladder.”
“Now, when she gets home, just turn your nose up and walk away. Humans love that.”
“Good beard”. . . “Nice beard”. . . “Good beard”. . . “Great beard”. . . “Good beard”. . .
“Don’t judge my client by the covers of the books he reads.”
“A whole evening of unintelligible gibberish about them and not an iota of unintelligible gibberish about us.”
“I love the moment when they discover we paid their garden a nocturnal visit.”
“I hope you’re not going to let your parents pass by without speaking to them.”
“Nobody told me that world domination could be so complicated.”
"I think it's safe to assume it contains preservatives."
"Sorry, kid, but this is the corporate ladder."
"Looks like an inside inside inside inside inside job."
Greg Microdoses And Sees God’s Elbow
"Just tell me which part Obama wrote."
"I can't believe some jerk carved this face into my ass."
"There's no such thing as bad weather, only bad clothing."
"Warmer . . . warmer . . . sorry, I was talking about the environment."
“Now, when Daddy goes by, make sure he can see how bored we are.”
“Wow, read the room, Ted!”
Last Night At Sobber’s New York’s Only Tragedy Club!
“Just think—if it really was ‘unlivably small,’ would they have installed a permanent Ping-Pong table?”
“I have to say, sleeping in the coffin is way better since I got the box spring.”
“Let me know if you read anything in there about hair.”
“I’ve marshalled all forces loyal to me.”
“Now, that’s the kind of positive attitude I’m really going to miss.”
"I see Lancelot just happened to end up by the buffet."
Norse god-like character standing in the clouds pulling a lever with arrows on each side labeled "Complaining About the Cold" and "Complaining About the Heat"
A bookcover for Tales From The Interior where a giant man/creature, based on Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Zinke, is breaking through the crust of the earth and grabbing trees in National Parks.
"His burger was undercooked, he's playing golf this weekend . . . Now he's back to complaining about the New York Times article on his cell phone."
"Your 10:30 distraction is here."
"The only thing worse than a Boston fan is a Los Angeles Boston fan."
"Forget the Great Pumpkin—I'm waiting for Robert Mueller."
"I still feel so bad."
“You’re totally paranoid—no one is swarming the border.”
"This pumpkin-spice craze has been good to us, my noble steed."
"Son, there's rich, then there's tax-fraud rich."
“Remember—we want her to stand out and fit in.”
“Very creative, but is it something your mother would want to share on social media?”
“Wait—can I be enormous spoon tonight?”
“Hold on—I’m getting information as to why these two should not be wed.”
“We stir the brew all morning, Marissa comes in whenever, stirs the brew for an hour, takes a smoke break, goes on her phone, we stir the brew, do some chanting, the sun comes up, whatever, we’re still stirring, Marissa’s on her phone again, and I’m, like, ‘Seriously, Marissa?’”
“No, I think I’m going to go for the fire extinguisher.”
“What are the odds? A therapist and his star patient seated next to each other on a fourteen-hour flight? It’s like we both just won the lottery!”
“If you go deep enough into the jungle, there’s always a bar scene.”
“Don’t be intimidated. He doesn’t even have a balcony.”
“I see a series of cataclysmic events that will forever alter the course of human history, and, as usual, it will be all about you.”
“The five-second rule doesn’t apply to soup.”
“Yeah, I could eat.”
“Wow, Trump is really behaving himself. Aaand ... it’s over.”
“I’ll also need you to clean up the environment after I’m done with it.”
"Ideally, you want the dough to rise to about thirty-five thousand feet."
“The service is polite and well meaning, if a little slow.”
"Trump, the Art of the Deal"
“No wonder you can’t go on. It’s those goddam shoes you’re wearing!”
“See that? He’s the kind of peasant I detest.”
“Well, I guess if breathing through your mouth has kept you alive this far . . .”
“You provide the animal, I provide the helium.”
“O.K, you’re ready to go on to the less embarrassing weights.”
“I’m starting to get worried. How am I going to be adored, parodied, venerated, denounced, redeemed, and ultimately mythologized if I can’t get published?”
“I’m looking for something that says country-but-only-an-hour-and-a-half-drive-from-the-city.”
“Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down twenty-two dollars and thirty-seven cents.”
“I’d like to hire you, but there’s no more room at the bottom.”
“I bark and I bark but I never feel like I effect real change.”
“Would you like us to put this out with sparkling, or is tap O.K.?”
“Lawrence never goes anywhere without his ecosystem.”
“AS A JUDGE, I HAVE ALWAYS TREATED COLLEAGUES AND LITIGANTS WITH THE UTMOST RESPECT! I HAVE BEEN KNOWN FOR MY COURTESY ON AND OFF THE BENCH!”
"Trust me, come low tide everyone will want these seats."
"Presidential Alert. Donald Trump is still President. This is not a Test. Action Required!"
No caption
"I didn't really mean for you to imagine me drunk!"
“I know. But you can't choose who you love.”
An Expedition To Get Ice For The Party
“So, who won today—you or New York City?”
“And we’ll close with a moment of silence for all the people with jobs who couldn’t be with us today.”
“Sacrificing your queen pretty cavalierly, aren’t we?”
“Quit hogging the covers!”
“If we get a bigger place, we’ll just accumulate more giraffes.”
New Pie
“Hell of a way to end the summer.”
“Drive you to the airport? Gee, man. I don’t know ...”
“The peas? I’m just scrolling through them.”
“I live each day in uncertainty, forever skating on the razor edge between cookie and no cookie.”
“...and I leave my whole estate to my one true companion, public radio.”
"Yeah? Well, I'm also a fish out of Scotch."
“What’s that? My reputation is flawless and everyone loves me? Why, thank you, Justice Flopsy.”
"I wouldn't. It's a toupee."
“Damn—hunting and flu season.”
“Now we’re leaving the hall of stuff we stole from other cultures and entering the hall of stuff we paid too much for.”
“Sir, we’re getting ready to land—I’m going to need you to slide that under your seat.”
"Senate Tales"
"It was a long time ago—are you sure you haven't confused us with someone who cares?"
"This . . . is a bad sign."
"Not now, honey. Danny's arguing with strangers about the sexual orientation of puppets."
"Now hold this until the midterms."
"My thoughts and prayers have been answered!"
"Staffers, try to contain him and keep your hands in his face. Aides, cut off the outlets. Advisors, watch out for that quick release. And, everyone, stay alert for fumbles."
“Why don’t you paint a picture—it’ll last longer!”
“When a man sends ten thousand troops to attack you, it means he has a crush on you.”
“Just hand-wringing and watching helplessly.”
“I plan to use the panic room if things get worse.”
“Can any of you draw? I’m thinking we should muscle into children’s books.”
“I agree, we should see other people—do you know someone who would see me?”
“Maybe we should reschedule. It’s bark-to-bark up here and Waze says it’s forty minutes to the lazy river.”
“Just give him whatever he wants! He’s threatening to divide by zero!”
“Not until you’ve arranged your pillows.”
“O.K., that’s pretty cool. Who’s doing that?”
“Do you have any tips or advice for someone just starting out breathing air?”
“Once he invented the wheel, it was only a matter of time before he came up with the food truck.”
“In my experience, there’s nothing good at the end of a trail like this.”
"And, by the way, you're fired."
“Now, this is a very new variety, which some people are having trouble relating to.”
“Jonathan is associate professor of soups and salads at our local culinary institute.”
“No more carbohydrates until you ﬁnish your protein.”
“Oh, there’s Freddie. He knows the best places to suffer.”
No Sketching
“Quick! Get your gun, Pa! Here come the suburbs.”
"The President Preps for Hurricane Florence"
"Well, well, well. . . look who brought the moderates to the fight over our nation's moral core."
"Find the Senior Administration Official"
What?!
“Here’s your problem—it looks like you’re paying attention to what’s going on.”
"The President Attepts to Distance Himself From Scandals"
“No, Bobby. No.”
“I have very expressive eyes.”
“Uh, back to Sea World?”
“I hate to be a downer, but, statistically, people are more likely to die from heart disease than by getting hit with one of those things.”
“A gentleman would offer his seat.”
“Temperatures are expected to rise throughout the day, sir. May we remove our frock coats?”
“And you can also see Rodin’s lesser-known ‘The WhatchaThinkinBout-er.’ ”
“Would you like to try them out?”
“Best of all, he has this wonderful passion for life that he doesn’t expect me to share.”
“Pack your bags and cancel your plans. The neighbors invited us to dinner and I told them we’d be out of town.”
“AXP 0.78, AIG 1.12, T 2.63, BAC 0.98, BA 0.08, CAT 4.37...”
“I can’t answer that question because of attorney-client fun day.”
“Phil!”
"He's coming. Everybody look loyal."
Bob Woodward Uncovers a Few Disgruntled Employees
“I look forward to my client’s day in court, as it is getting harder and harder to pretend he is innocent.”
captionless
"I'm in the air right now—let me call you back after I land."
“You can get the pillow fort back when you bring Mommy some good news.”
“Let me just charge it for ten more seconds.”
The President Compromises
“The swarm of bees you ordered is ready. Would you like us to send them to Google or the hot-dog vender who made you wait in line behind a woman in 1986?”
"A lot has happened since your last at-bat.”
"Please, I need time to decompose myself."
“If I don’t come back for you, it’s because our friendship was one of circumstance.”
“I don’t care if you’re a food critic—you’re not coming back in my restaurant wearing only a sash.”
“Hold on, let me put you on megaphone.”
“I never really considered a career in I.T. consulting until my parents got themselves a MacBook.”
“We’ll never have to fold fitted sheets again.”
“Red pins indicate the President’s financial interests.”
8AM In The Sleeper Elevator Car
“Oh, honey, I’m so sorry—I didn’t know your mom and dad were doing a project together. Is it the kitchen? Do you want to talk about it?”
“Do you ever have days when you just don’t feel like designing jewelry?”
“This might sting a little.”
“It troubles me that we’re being led into battle by a person wearing a bow tie.”
“How can I ever trust one of your E.T.A.s again?”
“Look! I still fit into my old caterpillar skin.”
“Are you a no-cholesterol doctor or are you one of those no-cholesterol-is-all-bosh doctors?”
"Trump's Criminals"
"How to Watch the News"
“Well, there I go again, telling stories that make you an accessory after the fact.”
"Please, I need time to decompose myself."
“Sorry I’m late. I got caught up at home being happy.”
“Unfortunately, a tiny percentage of the drones are opposed to violence.”
“Remain calm and list your goals in order of priority.”
“I like everything about this neighborhood except the people who can afford to live here.”
“Don’t be such a martyr—at least let me carry the groceries.”
“I did it!”
“Please—if my wife still loved me, would she have let me buy this motorcycle?”
“As if your first clapping faux pas wasn’t egregious enough.”
"Gaslighting 101"
"Does this jumpsuit make me look naked?"
captionless
"One if by land, two if by sea, three if by Russian troll farm."
"Not Truth (formerly Truth)"
“After this, I’m going to hop on the mommy blogs and make sure we aren’t the only ones with a four-year-old who won’t come out of his room until he has his tracksuit on and his parents create a high-five tunnel and play the Chicago Bulls’ 1996 N.B.A. Finals entrance music.”
“You’ve got about four books in you, but with any luck we can shrink those down to essays.”
"Wait, people! Let's not rush into a bad deal."
"Once koalas taste shark, they never go back to eucalyptus."
"Dan, you forgot to put on your out-of-office."
"Good boy!"
"I liked the old you better."
"I'm sorry, but a singularity inside the apartment is hardly the co-op's responsibility."
"This speeds up the game significantly."
"Bile exits the gallbladder, passes through the cystic duct, gets released into the intestines, and, ultimately, winds up on the Internet."
"Well, if it isn't the Fascinator Four."
"Completely Riveted Asians"
“... nineteen, twenty. Ready or not, here I come!”
“I don’t listen to the evidence. I like to make up my own mind.”
“Just when you’re about to lose faith in humanity, you see Shakespeare in the Park.”
"O.K., before we begin, is everyone recording?"
"Let's just take one pass at it in all caps, see how it feels."
"Yes, the president has requested his Space Force jammies this evening."
"Beautiful. It would look terrific in the situation room."
"Sir, I don't make the laws of gravity, I just enforce them."
“Is that all you can think about?”
“He’s less of a parent and more of a fixer.”
“Oh, no! My bucket list!”
“All right, what do you really think of Ian?”
“It was his turn to bring mead, and he didn’t bring mead.”
“Would you like to sample something from the nacho cart?”
Tunnel of Whale Guts
“Well, like they say—if you don’t like New York weather, wait twenty years till it’s all underwater.”
"Nothing like tax cuts on a beautiful summer's day."
"Don't worry, you're still welcome on conspiracy-friendly platforms like Twitter and the subway."
"UPDATE: WHITE HOUSE EXPERIENCES RECORD-BREAKING PANTS ON FIRE"
"Every time I feel like saying something I shouldn't, I ask myself, 'What would the president do?' And then I go ahead and say it."
"Maybe they can finally afford a whole apple."
“Tonight at eleven: That giant asteroid that’s about to obliterate the planet—how will it affect the midterm elections?"
“Frankly, I hate weekends. They break my momentum.”
ADDITIONAL MANAFORT PURCHASES
No Data
"Collusion is not a crime! And while I'm at it, let me list a few other things that are definitely not crimes just in case they should come up."
“It’ll be more than just a space achievement, Larry. It’ll be a symbol to the world of our abundant way of life.”
“I’ll stop calling you ‘the enemy of the people’ when you start printing crossword puzzles that I can solve!”
Gym
“It looks like Ulf, but it sure doesn’t sound like Ulf.”
“But seriously, folks, the way you raised me it’s no wonder I can’t get a gig in a real night club.”
“What do we do? We can’t let the king die, but we also can’t do anything that suggests he needs saving ...”
“For animals ‘in the wild,’ we could be wilder, and a little less cutesy.”
“Our research has proved that the chicken came not just before the egg but before anything else in the known universe.”
The Pessimist, The Optimist, And Uncle Sam
“You came home early just so you could get the chair.”
Alice In Responsibilityland
“I wish I could arrange my timeline according to who’s the most miserable.”
“He’s not going to give us a better offer than this.”
“Yeah, whatever. At least we got the hell out of 2018.”
"The thing I love the most is obeying the law. If anyone is RECORDING THIS, they should know that I love OBEYING THE LAW."
"I want answers, people! Who am I working for and why?"
"You must praise the president this much to receive clearance."
"It’s off the rack. The guy on the rack doesn’t need it anymore.”
"Most of them have candy. This one's filled with nuts."
"Et tu, Cohen?"
“I liked the fee-fi-fo-fum part, but I found the rest of his speech racist and repellent.”
“So, is this a date with destiny?”
“He discovered fire and now he won’t shut up about it.”
Just Married
Bungle the Flip!
“Every now and then, I find myself in a room filled with people who are wrong.”
Cat Yelp
“Do you ever wish that a different place felt like home?”
“Are you ready to engage with rock-based content?”
“I wonder if other people will be able to see the beauty in this wreckage, or if only I, an amateur photographer and part-time model who grew up in the suburbs of New Jersey and has never had a job in his life, can truly appreciate it.”
“The pinging noise is a broken valve, and the knocking noise is some dude in the trunk.”
“You can be the mom. I want to be the family friend who has plants instead of babies.”
The I-Seriously-Don’t-Care Cookbook
“It doesn’t mean anything, Eyfrod. I just like how it looks.”
“Don’t worry, everybody will be expecting an elephant in the room.”
"They're doing another summit? I'm so sick of cash-grab sequels."
"FOR CHRISSAKES, GET HELP!"
"BACKTRACK! A Game of Political Undoing."
“Take me to your puppet.”
"We need to address the elephant in the room. Are you Sacha Baron Cohen?"
“I’ve decided to make myself another cup of coffee!”
“I’ve invented the plastic straw! It’s so durable that, from now on, every man, woman, and child will only need a single straw for their lifetime!”
“Happy now, Mom?”
“You’re not going to find anything in your price range that isn’t full of bees.”
“Oh? Well, in that case, this is fake paint.”
“Would it kill you to lie fallow?”
Tense Moment At The Jasper Johns Retrospective
“Luke, use the Force, or crush up the Adderall Chewbacca gave you and snort it—your call.”
Adult Amusement Park
“My one regret is not napping more.”
“Every bar has its obnoxious drunk.”
“Harold, you have to stop turning the divorce papers into rabbits. Just sign them and move on.”
"After eating all the crumbs under the sofa cushions, I’d rather have something sweet."
"Now get out there and do something fans can turn into a meme!"
“That was terrible. Deeply flawed. Full of crap. Now read it to me again.”
“While it’s true that we used some enhanced interrogation techniques, they were necessary to obtain valuable intelligence about what we can or can’t get away with.”
“It’s a good thing no one ever found out about this.”
“I told you this would happen if the mayor banned carriage horses.”
Hackers uncover the on-hold doodles of George Clooney
“It’s time.”
“And that’s our newscast. Don’t forget to follow us on the Web for up-to-the-minute retractions of everything we’ve just told you.”
“It’s $1.85 a gallon and with every fill-up you get a free baby seal covered in oil.”
“I’m sorry to interrupt you, Amy, but I’ve just received word that Larry Mossbach of Newark has some complaints about the season finale of ‘The Affair.’ ”
“Before I bring out the President, just a reminder to visit the U.S. Congress Web site, where we’ll be live-blocking his speech.”
J. Edgar Hoover’s secret file on M.L.K.
“So, who wants to go on a 55" widescreen TV run?”
“Everything is horrible—worse than we ever imagined—and there’s not a damn thing we can do about any of it. But whatever happens, we can’t give in to despair.”
"What to Expect When You Were Not Expecting This"
“Mr. Trump would like you to consider serving as his head of the Environmental Protection Agency.”
"So, I have you on retainer, right?”
“Honestly, this is only, like, three per cent weirder than my side.”
"Hear ye! Hear ye! Look, having nuclear- my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump, at M.I.T.- good genes, very good genes, O.K., very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart- you know, if you're a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, ...   Read more
"Laws"
"Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, even though nobody has any idea what that is anymore?"
"Our Current Standing On The World Stage"
"President Trump went on to say that nominating himself to the Supreme Court would be 'an excellent side hustle.'"
“Having kids is keeping me young and making me old.”
“Make way! I’m trying to cover up a crime here.”
“So basically you’re a dog now.”
“Is the flight completely full, extremely full, or very full?”
“When I was your age, I had to ride fifteen miles on a little stationary bike while disco lights flashed and E.D.M. played in the background.”
“It bothers me that she’s not the least bit curious.”
“I just worry that Trump’s giving money laundering and pornography a bad name.”
“I hope you refinished it, you bastard!”
“Can we get more salt shakers to represent the enemy scum?”
"Sarah, Stephen, Kirstjen, I hate to say this, but . . ."
"Come on people! I need ten new, fake controversies by lunch."
“Should I go with the blue or the tone deaf?”
"Welcome To Canada"
Lou's Floss
“I’ll distract him with my complete medical history, and then you can make your move.”
“All parents fight.”
Pamplona 500
“You arrived as bottom-feeders, but you shall leave as bottom-gourmands.”
“Let’s make a pact—I won’t tell you about my day if you won’t tell me about yours.”
“I feel like I have all this anger inside but no one special to share it with.”
#wokeuplikethis
Dance Of The Inconsistent Water Temperature
Pavlov's Empire
Then you just hit ‘tweet,’ and the whole world goes crazy.”
“Come on kid, register to vote. Everybody’s doin’ it.”
“Do you get overtime for this, Miss Marble?”
"He makes us watch this fire-safety video once a year."
“Look to the stars and away from my prisons for immigrant children!”
Christina's World Cup
"His words, not mine."
"The Trump Holy Bible"
"It's like looking in a mirror- but without Mike Pence lurking behind me."
"My dad climbed a garbage can once."
Ice Detention Facility
Very Rare Color Photo of Abraham Lincoln
“Sorry for knocking on your door—I just wanted to know if you had a few minutes for me to scare you.”
“I see your thirty. I hear your thirty. I validate your thirty.”
“This prescription for Adderall will help you work hard enough to afford the drug you really need.”
Schadenfreude Next 20 Miles
"Chicken on a bed of spinach and onions?"
Bris
In the spring, a young man's thoughts turn fancy
“I’m a bargain hunter.”
“I’d invite you in, but tracking a wildebeest and then crushing its skull has made me want to get up early tomorrow morning and invent agriculture.”
“I used to think you were kinky, but I’m beginning to wonder if you just aren’t attracted to me.”
“I don’t think the guy with the business-card cannon has ever been to an actual networking event.”
“You’re probably looking for the other chief executive.”
"Press-Secretary Upgrades"
"You fake right, I'll fake patriotism."
"I'm sorry, but we believe in tradition- marriage should exclusively be about bringing a brief moment of calm between two warring kingdoms."
More National Security Threats
‘Ira’s Discount Day Care’
“I’m just sayin’—seventeen TVs in this joint and you can’t turn one to the dressage championship?”
“Yeah, the rooftop-farming idea isn’t working out.”
“So is this the fun part, or will there be even bigger bugs sticking to my face soon?”
“Computer, order me two long-sleeved cotton crewnecks in dark wine and green heather.”
“Ha-ha, you should see the other guy! And by that I mean, have you seen the other guy? He’s very big, has my bag, and just beat me in a bar fight.”
She Persisted (But it was a weekend)
“Shoes off?”
A Very Very Very Tiny Greek Tragedy
“I set a limit: one pity play per actor friend per year.”
Today on "All Things Considered"
“I’m at that point in my life when I don’t want my parents to tell me what to do but I still want to blame them for it.”
“Hey, remember a few days ago, when all this was unacceptable?”
“Which version of yourself was the one who sabotaged the relationship?”
“O.K., now walk forward casually.”
War and Presidential Rembembrance
"Reports that we'd found Melania have turned out to be incorrect. We'll keep you updated."
No Data
"First, I set the mood."
"The Next Trump Pardons"
"Ambien- Coming this Fall to abc"
"And this next one- is this the kind of racism that advances my career or ends it?"
"Trump dreams of his Nobel Prize being ripped from his neck in a humiliating ceremony"
"Before I buy a book these days, I ask myself a question: 'Would Postmaster General Arthur Summerfield want me to read this?' "
"If you didn't want to be part of the conspiracy board, you shouldn't have voted for him."
“And make it look believable.”
“Hurry up with that dictionary!”
“Do you have room in your bag for this?”
“I feel so vulnerable right now.”
Manspreading In Art
“I wanted to make sure you were both happy enough with your life to withstand a major setback with your food.”
“The carpet really brings the room together.”
“Excuse me, can you watch my stuff? And also fight off a thief?”
“We can work up to antidepressants, but for now I want to start you on eating a whole jar of cocktail olives over the kitchen sink.”
“Whatever you do in there all day is fine with me, so long as it’s not writing a memoir.”
Michael Cohen Diet
“Hang on, Mike. I think I found that shadow campaign being mounted against me.”
“This budget calls for across-the-board austerity, Sire—present company excluded.”
“Can you get your people to do the rapture before I have to talk to Robert Mueller?”
“This time I'm going to teach you how to tune it yourself.”
Jared Kushner re-checks his to-do list
I heard Yanny. I heard No Collusion.
“I said drink, damn it, drink!”
“Dr. Eliot, would you let the dog out?”
The Little Engine that Understood
“Before I get started, who here knows the difference between an L.L.C., your ass, and a hole in the ground?”
Ora-Tree
The Met Presents: Karaoke Night
So much for that publicity stunt
Ora-Tree
The Met Presents: Karaoke Night
So much for that publicity stunt
Emily is Visited by the Truth Fairy
“As an additional torment, our fire and brimstone are fuelled by coal.”
“Our thoughts and prayers are with those who wanted a moral and ethical Administration.”
“This calls for some spooky music.”
“I’m just worried the knots are the only thing holding me together.”
“My wife! Her new husband!”
"If you want to see a giraffe, we're going to need a lot more information."
No Data
“Nope. No, the top one. No, the other way.”
“I see that on Sunday, June 7, 2009, you Googled the answer to 16 Across—a five-letter word for the ancient capital of Assyria.”
“I’m late! I’m late! For a very important—we’re not putting labels on it right now!”
Superman giving a talk about his process
“How much limbering up do you need?”
“Get those things away from me—I can’t stop eating them.”
“When you enthusiastically declare Pam’s layered jello salad is ‘better than sex,’ I fear some may see it as a commentary on me, and not the layered jello salad.”
Revenge Graffiti
“And do you both promise to believe you can be better than all the other married couples you’ve ever seen?”
“You don’t see many season tickets to the opera just handed out like that.”
“Oh! Sad! Sad man! Man who is sad! Sad man who is sad inside!”
"Oh, my God! Dots! I used to eat so many of these in the eighties!"
“My greatest weakness? Being beached. No, wait—working too hard.”
“You ever pick up a rock and then forget why?”
“Their rut looks like a lot more fun than our rut.”
“For what it’s worth, next week all your stars and planets will be in good aspect for you to launch an invasion of England.”
Be Best Me Best
Wish Lists
“You know my motto—slow and selling access to the President wins the race.”
"The best part is it's completely funded by the taxpayers."
Trump Tweets Boxed Set
Help Trump’s lawyer navigate his legal defense.
“Remember, if you catch a small one, you claim it was huge, and then you set about smearing any potential eyewitness.”
“All hail the king, emperor of the earth, ruler of the air and seas, arbiter of what is funny.”
Giuliani Continues his Media Blitz
"It's a textbook case—depending on which state your textbooks are from."
Sarah Huckabee Sanders's Makeup Kit
"I told your parents I would convert."
"I see the radiator's Baroque again."
“It’s my most personal building yet.”
The Real Housewives of Alpha Centauri
Beginning Yarder
“Texting your boyfriends? Back in my day, if you wanted to talk to your boyfriend you had to shout his name from a cliff by the sea every night for months until a naval officer came to your house to tell you he’s dead.”
“Enhanced branding metrics drive robust solutions for scalable monetization of jargon.”
“Cheap merch will only hold them for so long.”
“No, you’re not in a box. You’re in an exit row. And I need you to acknowledge that verbally.”
“Sorry—my dog is at the vet. This one is a loaner.”
“Wait—we’re fighting, right?”
“There he goes—my great white whale.”
“Why, Mr. Conly, I do believe you’re trying to get me hydrated.”
“It’s not personal. The boss just doesn’t like seeing people in so much debt for such a useless degree.”
“A number of items on that menu are consistently chosen by an overwhelming majority of the American people.”
“I’m afraid it’s not cheese, it’s ‘cheese-like.’ ”
“Please, Melissa, just give him your cashmere!”
“The reservation is under Frankenstein, which, yes, is actually the name of the person who created me, but can we not get into all that?”
“Everyone I know has a crazy long commute.”
“How else would I keep my solar panels in the sun all day?”
Running Of The Brie
“Something’s wrong—I can tell by the way you’re flipping me off.”
Waldo’s Parents
“Let’s have no discord, hon. We’d be playing right into the hands of the Russians.”
“I ran out of ice.”
“Would you mind if I sit here and wait for you to leave?”
“And then one day I thought, Being cute is great, but you know what’s better? Being rich!”
“Legally, I have the right to talk as slowly and boringly about all your options as I want.”
“Not to lecture, but the skull of your fallen enemy is reusable and much less wasteful.”
The President’s legal team arrives at the White House
Excerpts from the Comey Memos
“Retirement suits him. He can be distracted for half a day by two minutes’ worth of mail.”
“Thank God you’re not serving subpoenas tonight.”
“This is the ‘Handmaid’s Tale’ conversation. THAT’S the ‘Westworld’ conversation.”
The President's Just-Us System
The Trump Macron
"Bad news. They found the proof in the pudding."
“Look, maybe you came to the New World to put buckles all over your body. But that’s just not me.”
“Once you’ve read your favorite authors on a little illuminated screen, you can’t go back.”
Unsubscribe-A-Mole
I'm not a Feminist, but COMIX
“It’s not what it looks like. The sex is horrible, and we’re miserable.”
Umbrella Offenders
“Et tu, Little Caesar?”
“Thank you so much! I’ll keep this in my special box of things I can’t throw away for fear of hurting someone’s feelings.”
“Mini-cupcakes never solved anything.”
“Do you take recreational drugs, and, if so, which one would you recommend to someone new to that kind of thing who is looking for a fun, no-freakout kind of time?”
So why am I still so unhappy?
“That table is yours once that party decides to move to the suburbs.”
“Hey, hey! There’s a line here!”
“Come on, you know the words! Bum bum bum bum!”
“I wanted stalagmites, but Erk here is a stalactite nut.”
“No, the other one. Next to the spoons.”
“It’s always ‘The humble lima bean this, and the humble lima bean that.’”
“He uses tools and he flings excrement—what’s not to vote for?”
No Data
“So what if he doesn’t know Ovid. He knows Ovitz.”
“Who do I see to get big government off my back?”
“Yes, Mr. Zuckerberg, you may have access to our microphone.”
"Lights. Camera. Fiction!"
Endangered Species
"I can fire whoever I want!"
“You can’t count all of them as dependents.”
“Did we seriously make this guy the king just because he yells the loudest?”
"I'm stepping down to spend more time with my actual children."
Add Your Own Caption Week #304
“We can take this and transfer to the B.L.T. at Forty-second.”
“Sometimes you act like you’re the only narcissist in this marriage.”
“Our maintenance crew is fixing a problem that should only take a few minutes but which will haunt you for the duration of the flight.”
“Of course I love you more than cheese. What a silly question. In fact, cheese and I are just friends. Nothing’s going on between cheese and me.”
“First, we numb you by showing you today’s headlines.”
“We’ll offer them religion in exchange for food. If that doesn’t work, we’ll kill them and take their food in the name of religion.”
“We grow all our own bad-tasting ugly things.”
“I see you, Jake—but does anyone have a question that’s not about carpentry?”
“You don’t need me. You don’t need anyone. You are Americans.”
“Then I thought, I should get real and lower my expectations, and that’s when I met Evan.”
“How long before the clinical trials are over?”
"And, just like that, Facebook is giving us ads for used cars, optometrists, and couples counselling."
“Thank God she was wearing a helmet.”
“… and, at this time, you may switch on your electronic devices and see what he’s said now.”
The President Finally Gets the Cabinet he Wants
“You know what’s cooler than a million compromised Facebook accounts? A billion compromised Facebook accounts.”
“Stand down. It’s just Mr. Pruitt opening another bottle of champagne.”
“You didn’t really think the nice people at the Rijksmuseum would give you this classy Vermeer and never collect, didja?”
“Notice that, once the twentysomething men enter the environment, the chameleon instantly develops an opinion on David Foster Wallace.”
“This one simple draping trick will make people think you work out a lot.”
“Thanks, Doc—you’ve put me back in business.”
“I can tell when you’re just kissing me to get some of my lip balm, Josh.”
“Wow, Ethan is really misreading the current cultural climate.”
“He loved New York.”
“We’ll begin boarding our first-class passengers after a ten-minute pause in honor of the even wealthier people who fly in private jets.”
“I hate to spoil your porridge, but your son has a blonde in his room.”
Inside-Of-Body Experience
“We’ve been getting a lot of calls saying that you’re a terrible magician.”
“Please tell me you’re not going dapper in your old age.”
"O.K., but he is going to have to check that bag."
“Also, can’t we eliminate these restrictive harnesses?”
“I hate it when they whisper about me like that!”
“Did you read the terms and conditions before deleting Facebook?”
“Before I deliver the good news, here’s a statement from the Sinclair Broadcast Group.”
"I was hoping taxes would go first."
The Queen Meets Auto-Reply
“What I don’t get is how one minute we’re a symbol of new life and the next minute we’re a sandwich.”
“He should never have spoken to me in such a partisan fashion.”
“We capitalize ‘Internet’ out of respect for its power.”
“And coming up on the right is another area ruined by the likes of you.”
Raging Bull On Ice
“Maybe we don’t let him see the other golden animals.”
The World’s Strangest Man
“We’re doing everything we can to make him comfortable, short of dressing up as male doctors.”
“And he’s a nutritional-support animal, too.”
“I think we made a lot of progress today.”
“I’m picking up a negative vibe.”
“It seems we’ve been accused of hacking.”
“We’re beta-testing ways to get the President to read his briefings.”
“Yeah, we clearly came at a bad time! We’ll be back in a few years, and, uh ... good luck!”
“Whosoever pulleth this N.R.A. money from Marco Rubio’s pocket can be king.”
“Stay out of trouble, unless it’s good trouble.”
“Are there any non-citizen immigrants here? The President may need a new wife.”
“That reminds me of the thing I was going to say next regardless.”
“I’m going to ask you a series of scary questions. When I’m done, let’s see if you can guess why I’m asking them.”
“If she floats, she’s a witch. If she sinks, maybe she had a point about women’s rights.”
“Do you want me to seat you in the ‘Had sex this morning’ section or the ‘Had a fight this morning’ section?”
“That can’t be good.”
“Yes, the Uncatchable Cat Burglar is a great nickname—but can I suggest you combine it with running away?”
“Why, I think he’s trying to impress you.”
“Now that you’ve met all the people who could easily replace you, I’d like you to meet the person who is actually going to replace you.”
“All I can tell you is they ran it by some focus groups and now we’re the three little pugs.”
“Take us to your most influential power couple.”
“I ask you, are these the salmon trousers of a sane man?”
“Get dressed and sculpt something already.”
“Well, this is getting us exactly nowhere.”
“George is a deep thinker, but his thoughts rarely come to the surface.”
“For someone who’s supposed to be omniscient, I’ve noticed he calls all the new guys ‘buddy.’ ”
“I, for one, enjoy paying my taxes.”
“We’ve given it a great deal of thought and we decided we’re going to give in to everything you want at all times.”
“Facebook was better before they let moms and hostile foreign agents join.”
"Well, you're no masterpiece yourself."
“Well, Martha, I certainly hope your Scrabble victories keep you warm at night!”
“The bathroom? Ah, yes, the bathroom—well, let me tell you about the bathroom.”
“Think ephemeral!”
“Warren serves as my aggregator.”
“At what point did huddling for warmth become groping for breasts?”
“I found him all balled up in a fetal position, but I thought he looked more interesting this way.”
“Good luck getting a sandwich at this hour in L.A.”
“It’s with a heavy heart that I’m stepping down as C.E.O.”
“They probably got the idea from one of those protesty video games.”
A Brief History of Time
Toys Were Me: Lessons Learned Never Growing Up by Geoffrey Giraffe
March Madness in the White House: brackets showing the elimination of Trump staffers facing off to a final showdown like the NCAA basketball tournament.
“Damn. Another Stormy day.”
“Big deal! You’re still all bums to me.”
“I am your new teacher, DEFENDER-BOT-5000, but you can call me Mr. D.”
"Primative? Compared to what?"
Deus Ex Caffeina
“Are we gonna have to scrape the Daddy decal off the minivan?”
“Everybody’s impressed with how you can shred incriminating documents into one long strand.”
A New Yorker Riding The Subway In L.A.
Attack of the Stranger’s Shower Curtain
Gentlemen
“He’s unbeatable on carpet.”
Super Jumbo Cookie Ice Cream Butterball Crunch
Pin It All On The Donkey
“I’ll need to see some I.D. for the Claritin.”
“This sliver of afternoon sun ain’t big enough for the both of us.”
“I’d let her go, but she’s so good with the kids.”
“Arm fish—insurance won’t cover that.”
The official Presidential gone-golfing marker
President Trump now finds himself in a position to potentially bring peace and unity to Korea. Ha ha ha ha ha
“You need to stop focussing on getting drunk and start focussing on being drunk.”
“Just woke up—anything bad happen yet?”
“Oh, that’s good, sir, that’s very good—‘What if they gave a war and nobody profited.’ ”
“I really, really enjoyed your hype.”
"Who wore it better?"
“How about I read you the one about the king who turns everything he touches into smelly garbage?”
U.S. Trade War Over! Trump traded for smarter, female President. Everyone happy
"It's never done."
"I can't seat you until you are fully present."
“Remember the plan: you steal the cash. If we get caught, I’ll say thanks to you I’m able to give thousand-dollar bonuses to a handful of my employees.”
“The delight of an evening cocktail is hard to overstate.”
The Last Brunch
And that's why I'm still single!
Big City Sound Machine
“I’m afraid I’m kind of a klutz.”
“I am in awe—after his daily toil, he still finds the energy to train for a marathon.”
“I was hoping to be rescued by a Marvel superhero.”
“Not so much fun being people-watched back, eh?”
“Actually, I’m pretty sure aging naturally and aging gracefully are mutually exclusive.”
“Jer, I just feel so empty. Do you have any peanuts?”
Breaking News: With Russian Assistance, the U.S. has developed a divisive warhead that eludes interception
“February 29th flew by without any new scandals from the White House.”
"Have you tried icing it?"
Medal of Honor
“Closing time! You don’t have to go home, but you can’t celebrate the best in athletic excellence here!”
My Bookshelf Before the Internet
“He has a tell.”
“I told him to do that.”
“I’ll go in and look at stuff, but I won’t read any signage.”
“This is the one, guys. This is the suit I’m going to get divorced in.”
“What’s the point of having a conspiracy theory if everyone’s going to conspire against it?”
“My ultimate goal is to buy it by the pound in nice thin slices.”
“And now we just relax, settle down, and smother them until they crack.”
“Don’t forget to call it a ‘procedure’—makes it less scary.”
“They don’t appear to want to take over. They just want to dance.”
“I just hope one day I’ll be able to trust again.”
Lawmakers take aim at gun-control laws
Crisis Producer - Crisis Director - Heroes
“This next suit’s strength will surprise you—it draws incredible power from the impassioned voices of teen-agers seizing control of the gun debate in their country.”
“Two.”
"I thought you said it wouldn't need much attention."
“I cannot tell a lie—I never said I chopped it down.”
"Results are still preliminary, but all indications suggest that he is a good boy."
“It’s more expensive, but I raised it myself.”
“Want to step outside for a reminiscence of when we smoked?”
“He’s somewhat risk-averse, so you might have a hard time getting him onto a pier.”
“Honey, all we want is what’s quiet for us.”
“You’ll never catch me! Not without arms!”
Kevin's Midlife Crisis Crisis
“O.K., coffee break’s over.”
“You never think it’s going to happen to you.”
Mortality
Caring For Your New Orchid
“It slices! It dices! It drives a wedge between you and your wife, because you stored all the unsold units in her writing nook, not like she was using it anyway but whatever!”
Inaction Figure: GOP Congressman
"... okay, so it goes poison, antidote, poison, antidote, poison, poison, antidote, antidote, poison, antidote, poison."
Michael Cohen's Fashion Statement
“Let’s not mistake his confidence for leadership.”
"I guess everyone wins a gray medal?"
Official Portrait of the Forty-Fifth President of the U.S.A.
The President's Olympic Games
Yee-Haw!!
Dick Trumpy
“Do you want to watch another episode or heal our relationship?”
“Your munchkins are always welcome to play in my garden.”
People in meeting discuss something that could save lives.
“The script isn’t funny, but maybe if we put some unfunny actors in it and get an unfunny director it will be funny.”
“I was about your age when I, too, started having security concerns.”
“Your motivation is that you’re a dog and it’s food.”
“Do you think seventy-eight per cent water is too juicy?”
“Folks, today we’re going to have perfect weather and some great views of states that are swinging to the Democrats.”
“I was almost like Robin Hood. I took from the rich, but then I kept it.”
“Coastal élite!”
“You’re calling it love, but it’s really just static electricity.”
“Will this take me where I want to go, no questions asked?”
"I'm really looking forward to talking to you, just give me a minute."
CCTK
“Self-help! Self-help!”
"So, the idea is that if we declare a big enough loss on tea, we won't have to pay any taxes at all, right?"
House Inteligence Committee
“Talk! Or we’ll make you watch the State of the Union.”
“I brought back the auto companies, healed our divides, and, at the sound of the bell, you may open your eyes.”
"My insurance doesn't cover prehistoric conditions."
Greetings from Los Angeles
In His Later Years, The Terminator Mostly Helped Sarah Connor Escape Boring Parties
“If you could leave a positive review it’d really be appreciated!”
“Now, we’re not going to use the word ‘blame.’ ”
“Help! I’ve fallen into obscurity and I can’t get up!”
“Tell me about it—last night I ate a whole sleeve of Communion wafers.”
“I think that from time to time he likes to remind us how talented he can be by writing something terrible.”
“O.K. Keep him talking.”
“He shouldn’t have thrown that snowball before firing.”
“How am I supposed to redo my landscaping and fight an authoritarian regime?”
“Showtime.”
Life Before Caller I.D.
“Remember—we’re not Eagles fans or Patriots fans. We’re Tom Brady Somehow Gets Humiliated fans.”
“I’m making moatmeal. Do you want some?”
Recycling: The Early Years
Coming Soon: Enlightenment And Pizza By The Slice
"I don't think he'd stop at anything . . ."
"A plea deal is a type of deal."
Chapter 369: in which President Pooh gets stuck in his border wall.
The Little Engine That Faced A Tough Moral Dilemma... Little Engine can continue on track and kill multiple people or divert train and only kill one person.
"This requires the signature of your parent or guardian."
"It's for my back. You have two more questions."
“Quiet! I’m trying to find out if the government is shut down today!”
“I don’t mean to be a snob, but I know what real leather sounds like.”
“Would you mind taking a look at this collection of my poems? Your opinion would mean a lot.”
“So what are you the earl of?”
The House Apropos-of-Nothing Committee
“I’m going to send you to someone who’s not afraid of doing a little harm.”
“You’ll have to speak up. I’m very loud in here.”
“Can’t you clip your nails on the subway like everyone else?”
“Before this goes any farther, you should know that I have kids, and I’m old, and I live in a shoe.”
“I wish I had a salary that disgusted people.”
“Dogs are men.”
“You’re quitting school? After everything we sacrificed for you?”
“As a courtesy for the inconvenience, please accept a voucher for three additional hours of your life, redeemable upon your death.”
2018 Women's March: Beyond the Pussyhat
Slightly Altered Promises
"You seem perfectly healthy to me."
"It's cheaper than coach, and he gets more legroom."
75% Match: Fountain - Marcel Duchamp
“Have you seen this bug? It’s going around.”
“I think I know where the passion in our marriage has gone.”
“The mural reminds them of their natural habitat.”
“Do I really have to add ‘Just kidding’ after everything I say?”
“My parents had a saying: Never go to sleep mad at your computer.”
“A second bomb will not make us safer.”
“Remember, guys—what happens in this CrossFit gym is referenced ad nauseam outside this CrossFit gym.”
“If you could spend an hour with anyone, living or dead, who would it be?”
Chatty, Garlic-Coffee Breath, Apathetic, Contagions
How They Were Named
“He only likes me when it’s through the looking glass.”
God Goes Down Low Adam Is Too Slow
“We’re not your grandma’s rock band. We’re her friend Irene’s rock band.”
“Maybe he’s not leading us back to his parking space.”
Trumpworld Map
"The media is fake news, sad, failing, and unfair—O.K., let the cameras in.”
"I love it when the shirts turn plaid."
“Thanks for flagging, Karen.”
A New Yorker's Snow Tracks, A Tourist Snow Tracks
AWAKE
Raiders of the Lost Sock
“Now my face feels tight.”
Left panel: dog sticking head out open car window. Right panel: rat sticking head out subway window.
"Sir, I just need you to take one small step out of the vehicle."
“I can't believe my eye!”
"Like the pomp. Not crazy about the circumstances."
“Shall I keep reading?”
“It deployed when her carriage rear-ended an oxcart.”
“Long time no sea.”
“It’s amazing to think he started out in the lobby.”
"He's not reinventing it--he's making it great again."
"You know, you do have the right to remain silent."
"Like the pomp. Not crazy about the circumstances."
"Sir, I just need you to take one small step out of the vehicle."
“It’s amazing to think he started out in the lobby.”
"He's not reinventing it--he's making it great again."
“I’m on my winter-weather schedule—opening two hours late with limited services.”
"Sure, I've got a few minutes to kill."
“And now I will attempt the same feat but without insurance.”
“And I got this one for calling the President ‘sir,’ sarcastically.”
“You want anything from the food Zamboni?”
Senior Mints
“Oh, no. We’re still us.”
“Every year he regifts himself to me.”
“Let me interrupt your expertise with my confidence.”
“Take it easy. It’s the weekend.”
“Hey! I’m reading to you! Don’t even think about falling asleep.”
“Time traveller for dinner again?”
“Sorry I’m late—I was getting dressed.”
“Worst-case scenario: he’s compensating for the size of his brain.”
"Don't worry. He won't last long."
"That's more like it!"
“He scoffs whenever I suggest a scenic route.”
"Of course there's nothing on the horizon--that's what it's for."
“Ask me about my break from social media”
Air Conditioners Leaving New York For The Winter
“This looks good—a ninety-six-part documentary about everything.”
“I just need a few minutes with the auto-sensor to regain my illusion of control.”
“F.Y.I., sweetie, bears are attracted to drama.”
“Perfect. Kate and Eli are suckers for bold graphics.”
Bonfire of the Paperwork
Captain Ahab points out a white lobster with tusks to waiter.
“1/5/2018. Journal entry six. Morale is low. It’s been three days and I’m beginning to doubt the rumors of uptown service.”
“And this one is made of ancient crystals that detoxify the air and remove all the money from your pocket.”
Well, look who's hungry again restaurant
“Look at that—I still fit into your grandmother’s wedding dress.”
Fake News
“We need one with three zones.”
“Tell me you didn’t pull up in a limo.”
“Papa Bear was too much, Mama Bear wasn’t enough, and I always had to be just right.”
“Next Christmas, I drive the cattle, you go see Mom.”
“I could do that.”“Would you say this is a must-win?”
“Watch The Author Miss His Deadline 4 to 7”
“Passing those tax cuts was as easy as taking health care from a baby.”
“Remember, wait until after Christmas to steal their Social Security and Medicare.”
“Do you think they’re onto us?”
“We thought of how to get rid of Mueller—say that it will be great for the little guy and create jobs!”
“Can we still say ‘moron’?”
“I'm like Santa, but for 'Season's Greetings.' Here, have a box of cotton swabs.”
“I’m in the mood for middle-eastern food—does New York have a No-Go zone?”
“Sorry for the delay—the royal couple are staying here because they couldn’t afford Brooklyn.”
I can't believe they repealed Net Neutrality, those pieces of...Cartoon Loading...This may take a while...
“I’m starting to think the Emperor knows he’s not wearing any clothes, he just wants us all to see his penis.”
“How the hell am I supposed to compete with that?”
“I see you serving a six-year term, but not in the Senate.”
"She left a note. No, I haven't read it yet."
"I'm afraid this whole experiment is about to go south."
“Thank goodness we finally have an Administration that speaks for those of us who don’t care what happens to the planet in a hundred years because we’ll be dead.”
“Then, after the humans harvest our noses, they liquify them and drink the juice. They believe it gives them special powers, which they call ‘antioxidants.’ ”
“No, you didn’t hear the soft rustle of a sandwich wrapper!”
“Now smile—this one’s for our Christmas card.”
“I gave up my search for an honest man—now I’m trying to find a discontinued toner cartridge.”
“We have ways of making you talk.”
“You call this parity?”
“I can get out most of the stains, but some will remain to remind you of what a slob you are.”
“Behind one of these doors is a ferocious tiger. Behind the other is a beautiful lady. There might also be a tiger there, too. I buy so many tigers it’s basically become a storage issue at this point.”
"Let’s work really hard today—your parents are eager for deliverables."
“I thought you turned location services off.”
“It’s right there in the e-mail, John—knife fight.”
“It’s always painful to learn the truth about Santa.”
“He’s out of the woods and resting comfortably in a sunlit glade that’s abounding with wildflowers and awash in birdsong.”
“Think of this as a big, beautiful Christmas present.”
Congress does something - Nation shocked!
“Why speculate? Get your info straight from the source!”
A subway service sign lists reasons for planned train outages.
Please pick up after your dog - Unless there's an alt-right rally here tomorrow
Small Talk Vortex
“We’ve got a 417K in progress. Suspect is a two-foot Victorian-era American Girl doll accessorized with a plaid frock, matching bow, black Mary Janes, and a nine-inch Ka-Bar.”
"Put that down. It's still September."
"I don't suppose there's another once-in-a-lifetime astronomical phenomenon coming up soon?"
"You're hated by a lot of people. On many sides."
“Things are going fine, so I may as well ask: How about those Mets? Ha ha, just kidding. The tail. Please fix this tail thing.”
“Like I‘m the first person who‘s tried sleeping their way to the top.”
“Still wanna be part of that world?”
The Domino Gap Effect
“Try the other eye, senator.”
No Data
E.Teen Alien Angst
“New mole or old crumb?”
“Can’t we just settle this Prius a Prius?”
“O.K., so clearly the sanctions didn’t work.”
"I'm sorry, but the fact that your birth parents weren't married does appear to make you a rat bastard."
"Hold that thought. I have to go take a number five."
“Attention, everyone! Mr. Wyatt missed his plane and is returning to the office.”
“Damn it, Kimball, don’t you know all the words to any song?”
“I’m just afraid if I die and go to Heaven there won’t be anyone I know.”
“Once I start writing a poem, I can’t stop.”
“I’m trying to figure out the right headache-inducing place for my birthday.”
“I’ve made a terrible mistake.”
“Congratulations! You are a seminal figure of wellness.”
“I wish I had a house like yours so I could do something nice with it.”
“I’ll probably die an old woman before I get that bedtime story.”
“The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil clowns is that good clowns do nothing.”
“Right, but if you think about anything for long enough then I’m wrong.”
Martini Western
“Passengers, as we begin our descent, you may now suddenly act open and friendly to the person beside you.”
“Of course I’m glad. It’s just that I had a bad experience with a boat once.”
The grill senses the impending winter
“Would you say this tweet puts us at DEFCON 3 or DEFCON 4?”
“This family who came with the frame made it clear they want no contact with me.”
“The bakery-to-skinny-people ratio in this neighborhood doesn’t make sense.”
“Real cute—right in the middle of an argument.”
“He was a star, now he’s a black hole.”
The Strange Case of President Trump and @realDonaldTrump
“Oh, look—I’ve got a secret button, too.”
No Data
“I’ve been a mess since Jake left for college, so now we have a boy who comes in a couple of times a week to leave wet towels all over and challenge everything I say.”
“All in favor of telling Anderson about that thing stuck to his lip, say aye.”
“Which is the best variety for sitting around and eventually rotting because you don’t even like apples, you just wanted to do something ‘fallish’?”
“You know, it would be nice if, every once in a while, I got credit for hearing the first part of almost everything you say.”
"You should probably pass if they offer stock options."
Shipping and Handling Your Emotions
“Honey, look how much better I am at this than you are.”
“Excuse me—do you have a moment to talk about the needs of really rich people?”
“Not now. I have a siege.”
“Look! My ashram clothes from the seventies. They still fit!”
"I can give you the tools, but you have to do the work yourself."
“I can’t help but feel disappointed.”
“He’s clinging to territory that’s still under his control.”
“Don’t worry! I just came to tell you I’m not like other grizzly bears.”
And this little piggy went off the grid
“Now that I think about it, he might have been holding a seven.”
“Pull Cord In Case Of Sudden Awareness That The Person Next To You Is Facing You”
Life Hacks
“Someday all these anonymous offshore accounts will belong to shell companies of which you will deny all knowledge.”
“Can you hold my place in line while I run off to live the life I always wanted?”
“He only wanted me for my body.”
“It’s an invertible.”
“Welcome to Mechanics Anonymous.”
“Compliments of your ex.”
“And then they literally have a parade.”
"It will be worth even more when he's extinct."
“It’s a deal—we overlook the allegations against you, and you vote for the tax bill.”
Donald Trump as The Thinker fantasizing about himself on a ten thousand dollar bill, parting the Red Sea, on Mount Rushmore, as God in The Creation, as Abraham Lincoln.
“We’re already wondering what her legacy might be.”
“Mind if I put the game on?”
“I told you it wasn’t ‘bring your own banana.’ ”
“Dan, Carla’s interests include brooding over failed relationships and fending off her mother’s pleas for grandchildren. Carla, Dan is terrified of commitment and has a negative bank balance.”
“I finally got myself organized and unsubscribed from all those e-mails.”
“That’s just my agent—pay him no heed.”
“You, my friend, are a feeble adventurer.”
“I will now play a familiar seasonal piece.”
“Small, medium, or that.”
“I thought I would wander around, vaguely forgetting what I was just doing, until the Presidency is over.”
“As soon as it clusters into a cultural bubble, it’s done.”
“I just can’t understand how they keep unlocking the door.”
“Hey, pal—this isn’t the quiet car.”
“We knew technology would replace us someday.”
"Can I tell you about a few items that aren't on the menu?"
“I’d vote for her, but election day is the opening of moose season.”
Four score and seven years ago -- our fathers brought forth...
"The mansplaining was bad, but I'll take it over this insufferable manpologizing."
“Sure, I want out but I also want to enjoy the journey.”
"Oh, for goodness' sake! It won't hurt you to sing him the 'Things Go Better with Coke' song."
“At least we always know who’s in charge around here.”
“I'll come back and buy it someday when there's a less judgemental sales clerk.”
"This species of elephant always forgets."
"Hmm . . . Better look into those Clintons."
“Foster here is the left side of my brain, and Mr. Hoagland is the right side of my brain.”
“We have a line of thunderstorms extending from the Great Lakes to Seventy-seventh Street and York Avenue.”
Inside the Presidential Travel Bag
“The bastard only funded my Kickstarter at the T-shirt level.”
“First of all, stop calling them ‘wishes.’ That’s loser talk. We’ll call them ‘goals.’ ”
“Can’t we go five minutes without you checking your flower?”
Meet the Author
When the Animals Are in Charge
“Hey, guys! This cave is actually a tunnel to the twenty-first century!”
“Really, though, he flew too close to the ground.”
Airplane Mode
“I keep telling you, poppy-seed bagels are nothing but trouble.”
“Sorry we missed the heist—we got sidetracked when Roscoe smelled some truffles.”
“I’ll be right back—can you watch my Large Hadron Collider?”
“Regift the bicycle, Charles, but put this in my Panama pile.”
How We Do It (A Week in the Life of a New Yorker Cartoonist)
If you run a marathon in a forest, but there’s no one around to social media about it, did you really run a marathon?
“It’s true—the President has also been accused of doing bad things, but we hold our movie stars to a higher standard."
“Now, don't sell me anything Rachel Carson wouldn't buy.”
“I remodelled, but I left it so that when danger threatens I can still take refuge in the redoubt.”
"Like I would date a guy from Notre Dame."
“I knew there would be a time I could wear them without destroying my feet.”
Jumping Into The Season’s First Pile of Subpoenas
Listen, that's a Tang Dynasty urn we just broke. You've got to get out of town. Don't worry about me, just get on the kid's skateboard and keep moving, go abroad...they won't be watching the ports yet. And get yourself a false mustache.
“It’s difficult to attract a younger customer when our main demographic is babies.”
The Penultimate Temptation of Christ
Medusa's Hairbrush
“I spy with my little eye something heading toward divorce.”
“Complain all you want, but I haven‘t lost a bathroom key yet.”
"You fools! It's getting away."
“There is no home button. You just click your heels three times.”
“This is my inner self!”
“Hire the one that said, ‘Whom.’ ”
"It's alive!"
“The soup was stone-cold, those goblets were cheap, the goose was raw, the jugglers were awful, the jester was not very funny, the hall was drafty, and as for her . . .”
“Boy, when you need someone to say goodbye to his family forever so that you can fake your own death and assume his identity to escape from Chechen mobsters—that’s when you find out who your real friends are!”
Trump Flees: Donald Trump driving a golf cart on the highway chased by a fleet of police cars.
"I didn't get it at first, either. Then it hits you."
Dramedy
“I went the entire day without any human interaction.”
“... and if anyone here suspects that the algorithm that put these two together might be flawed, speak now ...”
“If a tree falls in the forest and hits a certain individual, would he still be able to testify?”
“God, you know what? You’re sweet, but I just got out of a long thing.”
“Yes, chocolate’s O.K. in moderation. Next question?”
Factory-Second Art
Chess Halloween
“Now imagine how good that would look completely sweated through on the Twenty-third Street subway platform.”
New Baby
“The problem is there’s no engine. Just a mysterious plot device.”
“You lose your phone again, Rusty?”
“You have something stuck between your teeth.”
“Did you say ‘trick’? Maybe that’s it. Maybe it’s been one long, horrible trick.”
Postcards from the Interior
"Bill O'Reilly is mad at me."
Mommelier: "I spent all day looking for this Malbec, not that anyone cares."
“Hurricane? No, I just don’t want any distractions, so I can really get in the zone for ruining everything.”
“That one’s for being infallible.”
“This person we’re trying to poison—does he have any dietary restrictions?”
“No, you dismantle your nuclear arsenal first.”
“I’m getting ready to celebrate the next chapter of the book I’m reading.”
The Last-Minute Halloween Costume Parade
“Should I bother working out if no one knows my identity?”
“I’m not saying he’s perfect. I’m just saying deal with it.”
“Actually, it all makes me feel statistically average-sized and I resent the tone.”
“We want two pizzas, in small, nonconsecutive slices.”
“Of all the wet cement, in all the towns, in all the world, she walks into mine.”
The Secret Service Attempting to Protect the President from Himself
“No way, guys. I heard that the old man who lives there uses dead children to score political points with his base.”
The White House Staff Prepares for the Next Press Conference
“Do you realize we are living through the second time people got tired of Art Deco?”
“A Hollywood witch hunt? With young, hot, vulnerable witches?”
"Make a different wish--your bagel is really stuck."
“I’m getting your dear, departed husband—he can’t believe you paid forty-five dollars for this.”
“It’s small, but it’s bottomless.”
“Sure, I can let you in, but really it’s just a place I rented to be alone and maybe write a little.”
“Folks, if that’s not government interference I don’t know what is.”
“I can’t wait to introduce you to all the people I used to be friends with, before I started spending all my time with you.”
“Memoir, Chapter 1. At times, I think I may have never fully gotten over the death of my parents ...”
“You were overheard saying you’d kill for a good tomato.”
“Plan B is firing whoever came up with Plan A.”
“No, Barry, I want you to want to help bury the evidence.”
“Ugh, we get it—you’re in love.”
“Well, there’s never going to be a perfect time to start a family.”
“Take a look—that’s us in ninety years.”
“You sold our cow for magical beanbags?”
“When you’re President, then you can watch six hours of television a day.”
“Relax—I’m just here to take away the algebra they shoved down your throat in high school.”
“Objection, Your Honor! Alleged killer whale.”
