I'm not going to say the word I'm thinking of
I still wish I got a pool instead of this ridiculous sculpture
Careful, the water is hard today
Well, if you must know, he makes me laugh
This was one of the best conversations I've ever had about Beyonce. You guys really get me
Bein' an outlaw just isn't the same since the west went carbon neutral
Yes, he's still out there -- and he looks serious
I just hoped you'd be able to fulfill one of my deepest childhood fantasies
It's only fair. He has a man cave.
Honey, I think I understand why the listing said 'motivated seller'
Well fine, next time we'll BRING a picture of the president and vice president, but I'm going to go with my gut on this one
Hey, look! I didn't ASK to be drawn
Hang him, you idiots! Hang him! 'String-him-up' is just a figure of speech!
Embedded in styrofoam shoes, Carl is sent to sleep with the humans
Our recent polls show that voters like you except when you open your mouth
Of course you feel great. These things are loaded with antidepressants
No Thursday's out. How about never -- is never good for you?
I know we didn't accomplish anything, but that's what meetings are for
Stop -- that Trump cartoon you came up with this morning just happened.
This island isn't big enough for two cliches
After we have sex but before I kill you, I'm going to need your help with some shelves.
I need a box of the gayest chocolates you've got.
Quit saying 'President Trump.' You're spookin' the horses.
Gays and lesbians getting married -- haven't they suffered enough?
I just hope people in the future are like, like, 'what the hell are these things?'
He tells it like it is
Are you sure you used HUMAN growth hormone?
I can't believe I ate all that kale over nothing
Why, you're right. Tonight isn't reading night, tonight is sex night!
I just worry that it's affecting our work
My parents will come to church again if you switch to rosé.
I'd invite you in but my life's a mess.
It's always 'Sit,' 'Stay,' 'Heel' -- never 'Think,' 'Innovate,' 'Be yourself.'
Frederick waits for the push that will never come.
I'm sorry, everyone -- my e-mail account got hacked by last night by some alcohol.
Hey, I'm your alcohol-fuelled recurring hallucination, not your alcohol-fuelled recurring maid.
Don't give me that look -- it's fair-trade.
I understand it's a Category 5 divorce.
Our son wants to be a comedian, so we're getting a nasty divorce.
It's not the snoring I mind -- it's the talking noise you make during the day.
Oh yes, indeed. We keep a sharp eye out for those little clues that seem to whisper 'law' or 'medicine.'
Whoa, Donald -- you're scaring me, man.
My desire to be well-informed is currently at odds with my desire to remain sane.
If I'd known he was going to win, I never would have voted for him.
Owen, look -- the good sex fairy.
A heart would be great, sure, but what I'd really like is a working human penis.
OK, sir, would you like inferno or non-inferno?... Ha! Just kidding. It's all inferno, of course -- I just get a kick out of saying that
In sudden disgust, the three lionesses realized they had killed a tofudebeest -- one of the Serengeti's obnoxious health antelopes.
Well, you can just rebuild the fort later, Harold… Phyllis and Shirley are coming over and I'll need the cushions
Shhhh… The Maestro is decomposing!
Drive, George, drive! This one's got a coat hanger!
Suddenly, and to Rodney's horror, the police arrived with nerd-sniffing dogs.
He thinks the sign's a bit much
Anthropologists! Anthropologists!
If we pull this off, we'll eat like kings.
I'm missing out on an important educational experience because I have to tinkle
It's fine to discover cures, but, remember, chronic illnesses our are bread and butter.
The magic's still there, but the sex is terrible
To YOU it was fast.
I like to think we aren't so much anti-science as we are pro-myth.
If you won't let me pay for dinner, at least let me pay for sex later.
Phone-sex on Line Four, Mr Davis.
Mommy! Daddy! Wake up! You only have thirty or fourty years left to live!
Because my genetic programming PREVENTS me from stopping for directions -- that's why!
This is shit. We're going to publish it.
I see you have a cat
Never, ever, think outside the box
Then one day he said, 'it's either me or the dammed cat!'
Isn't it true that you didn't love the victim, as you claim, but, in point of fact, feigned affection for the sole purpose of obtaining tuna fish?
I have a couple of other projects I'm excited about.
Aw, c'mon! Your tweeting was bad enough.
People are okay, but I prefer little pieces of string.
Howard, I think the dog wants to go out.
How long have you been self employed?
I need some time off. I've discovered I'm suing myself
Mr Osborne, may I be excused? My brain is full.
Unknown to most historians, William Tell had a older and less fortunate son named Warren.
Well that does it, tomorrow he dies
There was some disagreement about your diagnosis
Holy cow! What's gotten into our La-Z boy?
One bee!... One lousy bee gets inside and you just lose it!
As soon as the overseas market stabilize, then yes, you can get a puppy.
I had my own blog for a while, but I decided to go back to just pointless, incessant barking.
Your dog has told me so much about you -- all good, I might add.
It's such a bummer, but it looks like I'll have to be at work for the next thirty or fourty years.
Well, maybe if you let me work from home, I wouldn't have to look at porn on my work computer.
We were hoping you could work from work today.
All work and no play makes you a valued employee.
He feels he can do more good working within the system.
You know, Dad, this is not making 'the talk' any less awkward.
Finally, a politician with the courage to take on Big Sanity.
Everyone's getting together after work to do some more work -- you in?
It's Bring Your Personal Demons to Work Day.
Will work for food, then take, like, two bites and walk away.
Before we discuss destroying the competition, screwing our customers, and laughing all the way to the top, let's begin this meeting with a prayer.
Look. They say sit, you sit. They say roll over, roll over. Where's the prob?
I want to look like Sarah Palin but not seem like her.
Donald Trump on lines one through six.
I'm also returning the Ivanka Trump-brand clothes. They chafe my morals.
A plea deal is a type of deal.
Yeah, whatever. At least we got the hell out of 2018.
You know things are bad when Trump tries to start a sex scandal to create a diversion.
And as amoebas, you'll have no problem recruiting other sales reps... just keep dividing and selling, dividing and selling.
It was an innocent mistake, but nevertheless, a moment later Maurice found himself receiving the full wrath of the Mummy.
In their final year, all research science students are required to take one semester of maniacal laughter.
So there he was -- this big gorilla just laying there. And Jim says, 'do you supposed it's dead or just asleep.
Now just hold your horses, everyone… Let's let it run for a minute or so and see if it gets any colder.
You know, I have a confession to make, Bernie. Win or lose, I love doing this.
Oh, I'd get up on that big fuzzy one.
Just nibble at first… but when you hear them yell 'Piranha!' -- go for it.
Fellow octopi, or octopuses… octopi?… Dang, it's hard to start a speech with this crowd.
So then this little sailor dude whips out a can of spinach, this crazy music starts playin', and… well, just look at this place.
Don't encourage him, Sylvia.
Say.. what's a mountain goat doing way up here in a cloud break.
I know it's a veggie burger but something about this still seems wrong!
I think we both know this will never work!
I've got good news and bad news, kids. The good news is not a single piece of your halloween candy was poisoned…
Well, I dunno… Okay, sounds good to me,
So close, and yet so far.
Just jump, fool!... You don't have to go, 'boing, boing, boing!
Dang! Look at the time! And I got to be in little Billy Harrison's closet before nightfall!
Oh, Helen! You're pregnant? That's wonderful! … At first, I was taking you quite literally when you said you had one in the oven!
Well, we've tried every device and you still won't talk -- every device that is, expect this little baby we simply call 'Mr. Thingy.
Pull out, Betty! Pull out! … You've hit an artery.
Anybody else? … This here is a school for BUFFALO hunters -- and anyone who so much as utters the word 'bison' can join Morgenstern in the corner.
Lunch is ready, Lawrence, and … what? You're still a fly?
Don't listen to him, George. He didn't catch it … The stupid thing swerved to miss him and ran into a tree.
And remember … Ask not what your anthill can do for you, but what you can do for your anthill.
Saaaaaay, aren't you a stranger in these parts? Well, I don't take candy from strangers.
He bit the Godfather.
Oh come on -- how fatal can it be?
Well, there it goes again … And here we are without working thumbs.
Thor's hammer, screwdriver, and crescent wrench.
Okay then, buddy. How about the right arm?
Well, wouldn't you know it! … There goes our market for these things.
Criminy! Kevin is oozing his way up onto the table. Some slugs have a few drinks and just go nuts.
Oh, quit worrying about it, Andrew… They're just love handles.
Let's never forget that the public's desire for transparency has to be balanced by our need for concealment.
Dad! Can you anti-Trump freestyle rap me to sleep?
In the event that you stop breathing or your heart stops beating and Donald Trump is President, would you want us to resuscitate you?
God has heard your prayers, and they're really starting to creep him out.
Daddy, can I stop being worried now?
Can't I just stay here with you and Mom? I don't like what I've seen of the real world.
I feel like I need you less and less, Mom, now that I can make myself feel guilty all on my own.
So, Admiral Ackbar, what do you think of Cruz emerging as a more level-headed alternative to Trump?
I blame all the violent cave paintings.
Oh, sorry. Wrong cubicle.
Ah, here we are. They've moved coverage of Trump's campaign to the comics section.
Look, just nuke them and build something terrific.
Oh great! We've somehow landed in a single panel cartoon! The one place we know we couldn't possibly find intelligent life!
I'm trapped in an elevator with Donald Trump. Wait… It gets worse.
These smug pilots have lost touch with regular passengers like us. Who thinks I should fly the plane?
Hang on! Was this what they said about curing toothache?
Hope your Christmas is full of family and fun. Good luck
He was doing well at first, but then he started drifting in and out of health coverage.
It's time we had a little chat.
I could elaborate on that four-month gap in my employment history, but then I'd have to kill you.
It's… it's… it's learning to appear vaguely presidential.
Do I have to take sides between Ed Koch and Donald Trump?
Hold on -- that's a trash fire. Over there is Trump's inauguration speech.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, let me present the alternative facts for this case.
People wanted her to act more like Bernie, but I don't think they meant the one from 'Weekend at Bernie's.'
And this is where we keep our free press.
All right. I lied to you. ALL governments lie.
Promise me that if I die first you won't eat me.
The internet start up only had enough cash for one more day. But, miraculously, the money lasted for eight more days, until more venture capital could be raised.
On our exam about the post-factual era, you all got perfect scores.
He's still quite handsome, despite what happened.
I just hacked a billion passwords by guessing 1-2-3.
We mapped out the Trump motorcade route to the White House.
Do you call your C- catching up with Russia?
We'd now like to open the floor to shorter speeches disguised as questions.
Russia is always bigger than you think.
I'm not beached. I just don't swim on Saturdays.
Freedom and crime go hand in hand, Your Honor. Look at Russia.
Our intelligence shows that everybody loves us.
Of course you're changing. And I'm changing. And Russia is changing too.
Okay folks, let's move along. I'm sure you've all seen someone qualify for a loan before.
Hi, Dad. Investment banking wasn't that great after all.
So this is the famous environment everyone's so hyped up about?
As you go through life, take time to monetize the roses.
I want to invest in something that respects the environment, that's morally responsible, socially active, aids the poor and homeless and makes me a bundle.
Were you referred to us by your doctor or your publicist?
Luckily, none of the people inside appear to be celebrities.
We'll offer them religion in exchange for food. If that doesn't work, we'll kill them and take their food in the name of religion.
Bill O'Reilly is mad at me.
We tell no one.
Ugh, I'm too hungover for salvation -- come back later.
A few minutes ago, God very graciously called to congratulate me.
I'm starting to prefer the ones that don't believe in me.
Wow -- he's really going after the evangelical vote.
Your sins are forgiven, but not your co-pay.
Please! Destroy him utterly!
When were you planning to tell me about hell?
I'm not religious -- just anti-science.
There can be no peace until they renounce their Rabbit God and accept our Duck God.
I could be a saint if I really wanted to.
Am I a team player? Are you kidding me? I was in a cult.
If I asked you something, will you promise to not to get mad?
Nothing happens next. This is it.
And please protect me from the appearance of wrongdoing.
Relax. I've come for your toaster.
I've decided to play God today. I hope you don't mind.
This is the tree of knowledge. We also have a tree of athletic ability and a tree if you want to be a good dancer.
Don't tell Noah about the vasectomy.
You're darn right I'm a Puritan.
We're here to escape religious persecution. What are you here for?
It's just like Lewis and Clark and the other early explorers, Timmy. We've taken the Dow into unchartered territory.
Don't worry. If it turns out tobacco is harmful, we can always quit.
As for me, I believe in no taxation, with or without representation.
Remember, gentlemen, we aren't here just to draft a constitution. We're here to draft the best damned constitution in the world.
To arms! To arms! The bulldozers are coming!
Religious freedom is my immediate goal, but my long-range plan is to go into real estate.
Can't we put in something about rich white guys don't have to pay taxes?
I wonder if future generations will realize that their forefathers were such gun nuts?
That was nice, but I don't want to make it a regular thing.
Actually, the attraction wasn't freedom from religious persecution but, rather, the all-you-can-eat buffet.
You just show up here illegally and expect us to tell you about corn?
How much is that in years of tuition?
We want you to have fun, as long as it's fun that enhances a college-admission application.
This is our son, Eddy. He's just graduated from school and is entering a void this fall.
Don't forget to click Reply.
It was a party school.
What does he know, and how long will he know it?
It's going to be my first protest song, as soon as I can figure out some words that rhyme with 'Napster,' 'Bertelsmann,' and 'service charge.'
Don't cry, Mom. Lots of parents have children who didn't get into their first-choice college, and they went on to live happy, fulfilled lives.
And this is Daniel, who is busy working toward his degree in money.
I shot a man in Reno, just to watch him die. After that, law school was pretty much a given.
You're kidding! You count S.A.T.s?
We think you may be suffering from information underload.
I miss my mom's home-cooked methamphetamine.
If you're not planning to break the law, why should you care?
If he's still missing by Friday, how about you and me having a little dinner together somewhere?
I'm sorry, I can't help you—you're subject to bird law now.
There's so much evidence we should put some aside for a different case.
From now on, you're Curious-but-Respectful-of-Boundaries George.
Your father and I have come to believe that incarceration is sometimes the only appropriate punishment.
Let me get back to you on that—I've got an office full of people right now.
You have the right to remain silent, you are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars. You have the right to be here. And, whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
What sort of flowers say, 'I promise to obey the restraining order'?
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say may be used against you in a court of law, newspapers, periodicals, radio, television, all electronic media, and technologies yet to be invented.
He's big, all right, and he's definitely a wolf, but it'll be up to a jury to decide whether or not he's bad.
This prescription for Adderall will help you work hard enough to afford the drug you really need.
Your tale is very sad, Ben. I'm almost sorry I took an antidepressant.
You have a lot of boring health issues, so I'm prescribing medical marijuana for myself.
How long have you been on antidepressants?
It's a new antidepressant—instead of swallowing it, you throw it at anyone who appears to be having a good time.
Of course your daddy loves you. He's on Prozac—he loves everybody.
Katia, I know that with the right combination of therapy and medication I could have a committed relationship with you.
There'll be no charge for this visit. If anything, I should pay you.
That's the doctor who is treating me for paranoia. I don't trust him.
I hope you're not going to be like the twenty incompetent doctors who couldn't find anything wrong with me.
After all these years, you still feel guilt? You should be ashamed of yourself.
Your appointment with the doctor is at eleven-fifteen, but his appointment with you is at twelve-fifteen.
Many women are more at ease with a female doctor. That's why I'm wearing the wig.
I would embrace the aging process if I could lift my arms.
This treatment cleanses your system of all of its excess money.
I'll call you back. I'm in the middle of a make-over.
I adore the beauty and tranquillity of these raw-sewage days.
Who is the fairest one of all, and state your sources!
I say one or the other. But leopardskin and heels is too much.
We could reshape your nose with conventional surgery, but I'm going to suggest something radical.
Madeleine Albright kicked butt in that suit.
You know what, Ira? You've had a rough day. Don't make me part of it.
Joe, the beautiful people are back from their summer places. Would you mind not coming in anymore?
Good day, Madam. I'm working my son's way through college.
All I ask is a chance to ruin my life in my own way.
Can Hannah come out to abstain from having sex?
I never appreciated nap time when I had it.
When you GET something, it's new and exciting. When you HAVE something, you take it for granted and it's boring.
Someday, when I'm very old and you're all grown up, I'm going to sit on your lap, soil my pants, and scream in your face all night long.
Wow! It's beginning to look a lot like Xmas.
Doctor. I've eaten something that disagrees with me.
A man without a woman is a bachelor. A woman without a man is a genius.
...And I quote, 'Mr. Davies, you really should try getting into shape.' Maybe next time you'll be a little more specific.
Well, there I go again, telling stories that make you an accessory after the fact.
I don't listen to the evidence. I like to make up my own mind.
The pinging noise is a broken valve. The banging noise is some dude in the trunk.
Make way! I am trying to cover up a crime here.
I'll distract him with me complete medical history, and then you can make your move.
If you want to see a giraffe, we're going to need a lot more information.
Nope. No, the top one. No, the other way.
It's a textbook case -- depending on which state your textbooks are from.
Please, Melissa, just give him you cashmere.
"Bad news. They found the proof in the pudding."
I have your evaluation… great teamwork, great morale… basically, you're a good dog.
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving…
Your x-ray showed a broken rib, but we fixed it with photoshop.
Your policy only covers odd-numbered lives.